here is my forked code pen: https://codepen.io/bmw995/pen/oNgXroW?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML?
	Semantic HTML is to give the language meaning. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	it is a mark up language used mainly to give structure to web sites.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	an attribute is a value that provides more information..we put it in html to give a value to a semantic tag.
 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	To designate a heading the biggest heading..you should only use this once per page as it deams it most important.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	anchor tags and style tags.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	the title or keywords

    7. What is an id?
	it is an attribute used to give an element a specific id for styling.
 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	all elements can be given an id.
 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	multiple times and on multiple elements.

    10. What is a class? 
	a class represents methods that are of one type.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	all of them.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	as many as you want. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	for windows you can use control click to open a link in a new tab or right click and select open in new tab

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
 	used to give alternative if something can not be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	by using the # characte in css.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	a section is used to break a html document into exactly what it says sections.. a div is to group things like in blocks.
    
    17. What is CSS used for?
	for styling a html document
 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	by using the * universal selector in css * h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	a class can be used to identify more than one element where an ID only identifies one. you may use a class
to select multiple paragraphs for styling. you may use a div to select an entire area of an html document to be styled.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	by using the class identifier the .  ie .class:value;

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human:

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	it selects the child of the parent element in a tree so to speak...this would be useful in lists.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
 	A pseudo selector is a keyword to give action to an element..example  of pseudo selector...hover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	in css use line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	in css use letter-spacing.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
 use the text-transform porperty.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div{
		border-style: dotted;
		border-width: 1px;
		border-color: black;
	}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	with the universal selector * it selects all elements.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*comment here*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	git status
 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	git ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm filename.extension..you should be very careful and make double triple sure that youre not deleting necessary OS files because they will be gone forever.!!!!

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	to colloborate together as a team to overcome problems and error in code and tracks each users contribution.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	its all dependent on the user but common practice is to commit after each step or few blocks of code.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	git push
 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	step 1: fork to make your own version of repo. if successful your name should appear in front of the repo name.
	step 2:  Add your TL as a collaborator
	step 3: clone your repo using githubs 'clone or download button'
	step 4:copy the url given to you..DO NOT download zip file.
	step 5: back in terminal use the git clone and paste your url copied from previous step
	step 6: cd in the new repo ::: cd 'repo name'
	step 7: next create a branch by using  git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
	step 8:start work on your repo
	step 9: add and commit changes made..use git add . which makes changes ready for commiting.
		next commit changes...git commit -m "add message here" this will commit the changes along with your message.
	step:10 now we have to push our changes to github...git push -u origin branch-name <----this is what you named it earlier in above steps.
	step 11: now that the changes have been pushed to github you can submit a Pull request.
	step 12: go back to your forked project on github make sure it isnt under lambdaschool
	step 13: click on the branch:master button on left side of screen click your name-branch then click new pull request
	step:14 when you get to the pull request page click the drop down button that says base repository and change it to your forked repo.
	step15: add your TL to the Reviewers and then submit the pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	inline elements dont start a new line where block elements cause a line break.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
	it is taken out of the flow as if it doesnt exist.
 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
	the box model consists of 4 attributes Content border margin and padding..content is what is shown on the page..padding is a clear area around the content which creates space..border is essentially an outline..and margin is how wide or high the particular element should or should not be to fit in a screen or box that its associated with.
